## RECONCILIATION AND DIFFERENCE BETWEEN EQUITIES AND FUTURES

As of 31/12/2021, we've realised that there has been a considerable difference between the Equities Backtest and our live Futures result. We did a thorough
investigation as to why that was the case. Firstly, we matched our live trades with the Backtest trades from **01/01/2021 - 31/12/2021**. We've reconciled the 
Live Trades with The Future Backtest (Equity Ranking Future Trading). Since the strategy has been traded live, there were some filters with which the strategy was 
traded. On Mondays the ranktime were different as compared to other days. Also trades were not being placed on MMR (Monthly Mean Reversion Days).
During live trading we are hitting Limit Orders. All these above codes are without the MMR Days and Trading on 10:20:00am on Mondays. [BTSTBacktest(ForLive)](https://github.com/qodeinvestments/Swan-Documentation/blob/main/Systems/BTST/Backtest_Code/BTSTBacktest(ForLive).md)

The spreadsheet has been saved in **E:\Dropboximac\Dropbox\Strategy Testing\BTST\2022 as BTST Reconciliation (01012021 - 31122021).**
A Single Backtest was done for *Equity Ranking Equity Trade*, *Equity Ranking Future Trade* and *Future Ranking Future Trade* for both, Buying at RankTime
and Buying Throughout the day. Variable values for that backtest were used from the Optimizations done priorly. Those optimizations can be found here: 
**E:\Dropboximac\Dropbox\Strategy Testing\BTST\2022\BTST Optimizations (01012013 - 31122021)**. In the backtests we can see that in the 2021, the trading edge
across all formats has dropped. The Trading edge for Equity Ranking Equiy Trade has always been higher, but for 2021 after taking into consideration 
Transaction Costs the Equity Ranking Equity Trade backtest has been a flat system leading to a negative edge for Equity Ranking Future Trade and 
Future Ranking Future Trade. That spreadsheet can be found here: 
**E:\Dropboximac\Dropbox\Strategy Testing\BTST\2022 as BTST Equity vs Future vs Hybrid.**

## CONCLUSION : -
The trading edge of this system is thin. As Equities outperforms Futures, if trading edge of Equities falls, trading edge of Futures would fall even more.
Next Step would be to trade the Option rather than the Future. 
