
RECONCILIATION AND DIFFERENCE BETWEEN EQUITIES AND FUTURES :  

As of 31/12/2021, we matched our live trades with the Backtest trades from 01/01/2021 - 31/12/2021. We've reconciled the Live Trades with The Future Backtest (Equity Ranking Future Trading).During live trading we are hitting Limit Orders.That code can be found here.
[STBTBacktest(ForLive)]https://github.com/qodeinvestments/Swan-Documentation/blob/b3cc8a5255718109466751041b771423a256bb46/Systems/STBT/Amibroker_Codes/STBTBacktest(ForLive).afl
The spreadsheet has been saved in E:\Dropboximac\Dropbox\Strategy Testing\STBT\2022 as STBT Reconciliation (01012021 - 31122021). A Single Backtest was done for Equity Ranking Future Trade and Future Ranking Future Trade for both, Buying at RankTime and Buying Throughout the day. Variable values for that backtest were used from the Optimizations done priorly.Those optimizations can be found here: E:\Dropboximac\Dropbox\Strategy Testing\STBT\2022\STBT Optimizations (01012013 - 31122021).In the backtests we can see that in the 2021, the trading edge across all formats has dropped.

CONCLUSION : - STBT was always considered as a hedge to BTST("Buy Today Sell Tomorrow") rather than a Standalone System. With the BTST review, we've realised that 
any system with very thin edges may not always be robust. A fractional change in Slippage,Transaction Costs or change in the movement of the underlying can make or break a system. Using Futures to run BTST-STBT will have to be phased out and the same thing will have to be tried using options.  
